24	Motivation theories seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals.	What explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals  ?	1
24	Motivation theories seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals.	What do we go through ?	1
24	Motivation theories seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals.	What do we do ?	1
24	Motivation theories seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals.	What seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals  ?	1
24	Motivation theories seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals.	What seek to explain why we do the things we do either by examining how a behaviour satisfies our needs or the processes we go through as we decide how to achieve our goals ?	1
27	The number system which we all use in everyday life is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers.	What use The number system  ?	1
27	The number system which we all use in everyday life is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers.	What use in everyday life is sometimes called the denary representation or the decimal representation of numbers ?	0
27	The number system which we all use in everyday life is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers.	What is sometimes called the denary representation or the decimal representation of numbers ?	1
27	The number system which we all use in everyday life is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers.	We use what ?	1
27	The number system which we all use in everyday life is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers.	What we use ?	0
27	The number system which we all use in everyday life is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers.	What is called the denary representation, or sometimes the decimal representation, of numbers ?	1
